yo what's up youtubers buzz lightyear
non-joking I want you to shoot this ring
and this is unboxing this is unboxing so
tomorrow is worldwide is airmax day now
night as a company I've been promoting
the hell out of this they didn't do it
last year Emma today is the 22nd of the
third celebration of Nike Air Max being
created by Tinker Hatfield and if you're
watching my channel or you're watching
this and you don't actually know what do
we say buzz losers anyway so this is the
now apparently no I don't believe this
I actually do not believe it so I
don't believe it
apparently before the night air max won
there was a night air max zero so this
was but this is before the ones now I'm
not sure Mac are trying to pull off and
Tinker Hatfield trying to pull off as if
he designed this one first and then this
was scrapped and then the Nike Air Max
one came out or if they're trying to do
like you know like matrix you know one
matrix 1 2 3 came out and then they
brought out matrix the cartoon version
which is supposed to be what complements
or what is before happen in the matrix
so they're not trying to do like that
baby wait let me know dilly daddy so
boom Nike Air Max 0 QT estimating a
quick stripe it will be available
everywhere shall be available night
offspring size those insights today
they've got them how many pairs I do not
know but it's a big fubar about these
now this is what I like about
anniversary stuff to look before the one
before the one you hit me you get me and
it's got tinker's signature on the paper
you get me you get
I actually put it on the box but these
are them now I was in look at the top
box I was in two minds about these and
I'm still not sure about them now but
when I put them on foot that would be a
different thing I reckon not no leather
strap that I like them and I like them a
lot as an anniversary trainer it's one
that you have to have in the collection
night did do a preliminary drop of these
and then and then they sold out so they
make up again they may not by the way
some of these materials now this is why
I don't necessarily believe that this
was a trainer that Tinker Hatfield
designed before the Nike Air Max one
because some of these materials and this
technology just wasn't about unless he's
designed it with a view that he was in
the future and he's thinking Rob when
the technologies come about I am going
to be making this so let's just get into
some of the details so this might swoosh
I believe is free M I'll test that out
later and I'll put a bit of them I'll
put the flash on then you've got these
this material is I don't know how to
describe it it's not a rubber but it's
like the toe cap of a flying it chuckle
if that makes sense
it's like the toe cap of a flying it
chuckle so kind of like a a rubber
material but plastic the soul or the
midsole is an Air Max one midsole by all
accounts and if I look underneath it's
marginally different with that visible
air unit and this is actually soft
that's mad that's going to squeak and
then you've got the night at the bottom
like a white sole which I'm not a fan of
white souls like that but hey how it is
what it is I believe these laces are
free em and I believe that this is free
em but I'm gonna turn the flash on in a
minute and the toe box as it stands it
is a nice shape but when you turn it
like that and this is what I was worried
about I can't remember who I've been
talking
a lot of people say shout out to shame
shout out to future tomorrow Tom Jenkins
there's quite a few more other people
shouts out to Liam Liam death-trap
yeah one of them used to talking to him
about these and some of them are like
now forget them gum no even
contemplating them as some of them are
like yeah that I'm getting these and he
was talking about this tall box and this
material I said was like the material
that is on the what's it called the sock
dance so it so it's not very stable but
I think it is but again I'll do non foot
and then you'll see and then if you look
inside just take out this inside you can
see Tinker Hatfield signature actually
let me just click on the flashes hold on
there one second
and we're back so you can see now that
the 3m elements and so you can see that
like swish or tick is 3m you can
definitely see the laces of 3m you can
see that part of the tongue is 3m and I
do believe at the back blinding light
lightning that part is 3m as well and
and if I just zoom in on the sock on the
toe box you can just see that material
there it hopefully doesn't mold to the
shape of my toes hopefully it doesn't
but I'm anyway and then you've got that
air unit which is like a turquoise air
unit by all accounts it works ultimately
I think what's gonna happen with these
is they're gonna release them in
different colorways but this will be the
og first version and I believe when they
sell out they sell out so these were a
hundred and I don't even know but I use
a pulse cold on them so you can see my
size so I'm appealing to sit on or
nothing like that and it's got this
interesting sock liner which I'm not
sure how this works and when I put my
foot in there I'll obviously see but all
in all man like I think they're heavy
someone said to me so said to me they're
like a JV sports trainer for those of
you that are in the States
it's like going to oh what's that that
shop shoot not shoes on you've got a
shoe shop which is kind of like a budget
shoe shop not Janie's putting a budget
shoe shop but quite explain it anyway
all you know these are heavy for me and
I might actually just bust them out
tomorrow just to just just a stunt like
that you get me the kind of man anyway
holler at me tell me what you're
thinking did you pick them up are you
picking up some of the other things that
are coming out on the air max day so
there's quite a few bits maybe but in a
separate video for that whole title the
patches clomp anyway rain damask sign-in
o UT out look out for on foot review
coming soon